Oh, congrats, I'm so happy you got the job.
Oh, here's a gift for you.
Be careful when using your old phone.
Paul may harass you.
David, thank you so much.
You are so pretty.
My dear Princess Elizabeth, now it's time to go.
I don't want you to be late for your first day.
Make sure you call me Lisa this way forward.
I don't want to pacify me.
He has no idea what firm I'm in.
I don't want to see him ever again.
Copy that, attorney Lisa.
Extra always happy but back.
No need to thank me.
That's what best friends are for.
Now, don't be late.
You don't want your boss to fire you.
Go, come on.
Mom, Dad, why did you call on such a hurry?
I was busy at work.
What's so important about your work?
How can your damn firm compare to the pack?
The Alpha Blood Moon pack?
He's bringing his daughter over tonight.
And you should discuss the day of the mating ceremony for you.
I told you don't make decisions for me.
I've already found my mate.
Nonsense.
You get injured and you lost your ability to sense
for months after they wore with their wolf half a month ago.
So how can you find your mate?
Don't think you can pull a fast one in me.